Project: Group Project 20
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: Kain Bryan-Jones (kab74), Luke Wybar (law39), Oscar Pocock (osp1), Tom Perry (top19), Marcin Jakobik (maj83)
Place and date of meeting: C57a Llandinam, Tuesday 10rd March 2020, 10:10pm
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Oscar Pocock
Date of minutes: 10th March 2020.
Version: 1.0
Time Taken: 10:10pm

Matters arising
===============

1 - COMPLETE, Kain to read QA document 9.

2 - ONGOING, Brad Corbett to raise issues on gitlab for Oscar Pocock to change UI spec according to feedback given by Chris Price. ACTION: brc9, osp1

3 - ONGOING, Marcin to identify technicalities of self assessment part i.e. FR9 with spike work. ACTION: maj83

4 - COMPLETE, Nathaniel and Oscar to do spike work on dynamic character sets for possible different languages subject to availability.

5 - COMPLETE, General meeting scheduled with group, ideally all members. 12:30 Friday 6th March 2020. ACTION: kab74, osp1, top19, law39

6 - ONGOING, Kain Bryan-Jones and Oscar Pocock to change UI spec based on feedback. ACTION: kab74, osp1

7 - COMPLETE, Kain Bryan-Jones to assign design spec work to members of the group. ACTION: kab74

8 - COMPLETE, Group to have more detailed blogs and to feel more confident with work. ACTION: Everyone

9 - COMPLETE, Everyone attending meeting SE.QA.7 by Friday morning. ACTION: Everyone.

10 - ONGOING, Oscar to email Chris Price about issues raised in 10/03/2020. ACTION: osp1

11. ONGOING, Luke and Tom and Nathaniel on decomposition for Design Specification. ACTION: ncw, top19, law39

12. ONGOING, Kain and Oscar on Dependency Description for Design Specification. ACTION: kab74, osp1

13. ONGOING, Marcin and Henry and Brad on Interface Description for Design Specification. ACTION: maj83, hjd3, brc9

14. ONGOING, Luke and Tom to give rest of group list of classes from code so far. ACTION: law39, top19

15. ONGOING, Nathaniel to give lists of classes for the tests. ACTION: ncw

New business
============

16. Kain to message everyone on Facebook to check the general Discord and Git

AOB
===

None.

Minutes by osp1, 10/03/20.
