Project: Group Project 20
Meeting: User Interface Specification Document Review
Persons present: All except Angus Kay (ank40)
Place and date of meeting: C57a Llandinam, Tuesday 3rd March 2020, 10:10pm
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Brad Corbett
Date of minutes: 3rd March 2020.
Version: 1.0
Time Taken:

Matters arising
===============

1 - Complete, Luke and Tom finished work on JavaFX

2 - Complete, Brad has read every QA document

3 - Complete, Project Manager to get in touch with Angus and check on progress

5 - Complete, QA Review Scheduled for the UI Spec was reschuled for Friday, will be uploaded for release soon.

6 - Kain to read QA document 9, ONGOING 

7 - Marcin to identify technicalities of self assessment part i.e. FR9 with spike work, ONGOING

8 - Complete, Group to decide who, if anyone, is going to the meet. 

9 - Complete, Brad to change Blog Site collection website to change Nathaniel's photo and correct Kain's blog link.

10 - Nathaniel and Oscar to do spike work on dynamic character sets for possible different languages subject to availability, ONGOING

11 - Complete, Kain Bryan-Jones will go through the demo of UI and polish it e.g. punctuation, quotes around some words but not the same words later, missing arrows, thicker arrows.

12 - Complete, Nathaniel Watts will update tests to show that words are highlighted instead of starred.

13 - Complete, Oscar Pocock to change UI design to add functionality for multiple meanings to english words, and letters in welsh not represented on QWERTY keyboards e.g. Å·

14 - Complete, Luke Wybar to implement tooltips when hovering over icons. 

15 - Complete, Oscar Pocock to correct the grammar, punctuation, and wording in UI Spec document. 

16 - Complete, Project Manager noted Marcin's blogs need more detail, Angus and Henry must have blogs uploaded before meeting.

17 - Complete, Test Review Scheduled for Thursday 27th February from 15:15 at Hugh Owen. The Test Review then and other meetings over the week meant the document was decided to be fit for release.

New business
============

18 - General meeting scheduled with group, ideally all members. 12:30 Friday 6th March 2020. ACTION: kab74, osp1, top19, law39

19 - Kain Bryan-Jones and Oscar Pocock to change UI spec based on feedback. ACTION: kab74, osp1

20 - Brad Corbett to raise issues on gitlab for Oscar Pocock to change UI spec according to feedback given by Chris Price. ACTION: brc9, osp1

21 - Kain Bryan-Jones to assign design spec work to members of the group. ACTION: kab74

22 - Group to have more detailed blogs and to feel more confident with work. ACTION: Everyone

23 - Everyone attending meeting SE.QA.7 by Friday morning. ACTION: Everyone.


AOB
===

None.

Minutes by brc9, 03/03/20.
