CS221 Project: Group Project 20

Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting

Persons present: All project members

Place and date of meeting: C57a Llandinam, Tuesday 4th February 2020, 10:10am


Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager


Author: Brad Corbett


Date of minutes: 4th February 2020


Version: 1.0





Matters arising:


===========

2 - Photos of group - COMPLETE

3.1 - All group members need to read the Project requirements and Group Intro documents by next week and know about what the project will do. ACTION: Everyone - COMPLETE

3.2 - COMPLETE

3.3 - Should have been Kain, COMPLETE

4.4 - Luke will look at JavaFX to generate a sample UI, COMPLETE

4.5 - Henry and Angus will look at documents SE.QA01, SE.QA.02, SE.QA.03 and give a short summary, COMPLETE

New business:


===========

1 When emailing Chris/Andy about group, include Group Number 20 in subject. ACTION: Everyone	.

2 - Continued Tasks

2.1 Oscar and Kain will start work on material for the user interface document. They will look at the needs of the document containing the use cases and will start putting together some possible screens in Powerpoint. Flashcards and use cases should be looked at. ACTION: osp1, kab74.

2.2 Brad and Waylen will start drafting a list of repeatable tests. ACTION:  brc9, ncw.

2.3 Tom and Marcin independently implemented functional solutions (simple), Luke implemented an alternative system (Jackson). Tom will compare the 2 systems and see which is better. ACTION: top19, maj83.

3 - New Tasks

3.1 Luke will provide a short summary on JavaFX. Ensure scrolling and switching between screens works, and generally prototyping functionality needed e.g. Flashcard ACTION: law39.

4 Blogs must be updated at least once per week or recieve yellow card. ACTION: Everyone.

5 Contribute to discussion on Word VS Latex. ACTION: Everyone.

6 Decide who is going to the GitLab session on Wednesday 12th from 2 till 4 in B23. ACTION: Everyone

7 Spike work.

7.1 Marcin, randomisation of user self assessment. ACTION: maj83

7.2 Henry and Angus working on live searches/live filtering and also other issues. ACTION: hjd3, ank40