Project: Group Project 20
Meeting: User Interface Specification Document Review
Persons present: All except Henry Dugmore (hjd3), Marcin Jakobik (maj83), Angus Kay (ank40)
Place and date of meeting: Hugh Owen Library, Friday 21th February 2020, 10:10pm
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Brad Corbett
Date of minutes: 25th February 2020.
Version: 1.0
Time Taken:

Matters arising
===============

1. Complete, Nathaniel and Henry have made testing specification, must go through review before being released.

2. Luke and Tom to continue working on JavaFX, done by next tutorial, ONGOING

3. Angus to continue finding other issues in live searches/live filtering with help from Kain, ONGOING

4. - Brad has read documents 2, 4, 5, 6, and 7, to read remaining QA documents. ACTION: brc9

5 - Complete, QA Review Scheduled for the UI Spec was reschuled for Friday, will be uploaded for release soon.

6 - Kain to read ideally all 10 QA documents, ONGOING

7 - Marcin to identify technicalities of self assessment part i.e. FR9 with spike work. ONGOING

8 - Complete, Group to decide who, if anyone, is going to the meet. 

9 - Complete, Brad to change Blog Site collection website to change Nathaniel's photo and correct Kain's blog link.


New business
============

10 - Nathaniel and Oscar to do spike work on dynamic character sets for possible different languages subject to availability ACTION: ncw, osp1

11 - Kain Bryan-Jones will go through the demo of UI and polish it e.g. punctuation, quotes around some words but not the same words later, missing arrows, thicker arrows ACTION: kab74

12 - Nathaniel Watts will update tests to show that words are highlighted instead of starred. ACTION: ncw

13 - Oscar Pocock to change UI design to add functionality for multiple meanings to english words, and letters in welsh not represented on QWERTY keyboards e.g. Å· ACTION: osp1

14 - Luke Wybar to implement tooltips when hovering over icons. ACTION: law39

15 - Oscar Pocock to correct the grammar, punctuation, and wording in UI Spec document. ACTION: osp1

16 - Project Manager noted Marcin's blogs need more detail, Angus and Henry must have blogs uploaded before meeting. ACTION: maj83, hjd3, ank40

17 - Project Manager to get in touch with Angus and check on progress. ACTION: aos

18 - Test Review Scheduled for Thursday 27th February from 15:15 at Hugh Owen. At least Nathaniel, Kain, Brad and Henry should be there, and other team members are ideal. ACTION: ncw, kab74, brc9, hjd3



AOB
===

None.

Minutes by brc9, 25/02/20.
